README.md, before:

# WWDC20-StudentChallenge
Swift Student Challenge 2020 application

## Tell us about the features and technologies you used in your Swift playground

This submission is about privacy and technology.

We are facing the crisis of the century. The coronavirus pandemic has had a profound impact in our everyday lives, and will shape the decades to come. Automated Contact Tracing is a hot topic at the moment, and has drawn particular attention after Apple and Google came together in an unprecedented way to implement such a system.

The question of privacy is essential. How can such a system trace who we’ve come into contact with and still preserve privacy? Privacy is something that must be actively sought, and we need to be provisioned with knowledge to make the right decisions. So I created this Playground Book to address this.

In this Book we’ll go through a simplified Privacy-Preserving Contact Tracing system. No trust or secrecy is required to preserve privacy. The protocol is robust in that all private information is unknowable.

We follow the journey of our dashing protagonist, Alice, and her sidekick, Bob. The story is told through their perspective. I chose to tell a story because they are more impactful than facts. Storytelling is a powerful way to share knowledge, and great stories are memorable, they change perceptions and attitudes.

Explaining meaningfully, in clear and simple terms how this system works was the hardest part of this submission. The protocol is not obvious and has many “moving parts”. I wanted it to make sense to every reader, without boring them with technical jargon or long explanations. And it had to be understandable in just a few minutes.

To that end, there are three different communication processes used to convey meaning. The first is the text itself, which narrates the journey of Alice and Bob. The second is the Swift code, which provides a concrete description of the solution. And the third is the LiveView, which illustrates through symbols, words and images what is happening to Alice and Bob’s data. They’re all communicating the same thing, but in different languages. And together, they tell a more powerful story.

This Playground Book was made entirely with SwiftUI. It works on all iPads, supporting dark and light mode, full screen and split screen, and all device orientations. SwiftUI was delightful to work with. I didn’t have any familiarity with it, so it was a bit tough in the beginning. But after a short time, productivity quickly increased, and I could do everything I wanted without having to worry about minor details. I believe it to be the future of iOS development.

In conclusion, we all want the return of everyday life. The world is coming together to fight this pandemic, and technology will have a great role in slowing the spread of the disease. There’s no panacea for coronavirus yet. Until then, we must all do our part.

Stay safe!

Commit message:

Add status and compatibility in README.md

README.md, after:

# WWDC20-StudentChallenge
Swift Student Challenge 2020 application (status: **Accepted**).

This submission is compatible with iPad and macOS Playgrounds.

## Essay: Tell us about the features and technologies you used in your Swift playground

This submission is about privacy and technology.

We are facing the crisis of the century. The coronavirus pandemic has had a profound impact in our everyday lives, and will shape the decades to come. Automated Contact Tracing is a hot topic at the moment, and has drawn particular attention after Apple and Google came together in an unprecedented way to implement such a system.

The question of privacy is essential. How can such a system trace who we’ve come into contact with and still preserve privacy? Privacy is something that must be actively sought, and we need to be provisioned with knowledge to make the right decisions. So I created this Playground Book to address this.

In this Book we’ll go through a simplified Privacy-Preserving Contact Tracing system. No trust or secrecy is required to preserve privacy. The protocol is robust in that all private information is unknowable.

We follow the journey of our dashing protagonist, Alice, and her sidekick, Bob. The story is told through their perspective. I chose to tell a story because they are more impactful than facts. Storytelling is a powerful way to share knowledge, and great stories are memorable, they change perceptions and attitudes.

Explaining meaningfully, in clear and simple terms how this system works was the hardest part of this submission. The protocol is not obvious and has many “moving parts”. I wanted it to make sense to every reader, without boring them with technical jargon or long explanations. And it had to be understandable in just a few minutes.

To that end, there are three different communication processes used to convey meaning. The first is the text itself, which narrates the journey of Alice and Bob. The second is the Swift code, which provides a concrete description of the solution. And the third is the LiveView, which illustrates through symbols, words and images what is happening to Alice and Bob’s data. They’re all communicating the same thing, but in different languages. And together, they tell a more powerful story.

This Playground Book was made entirely with SwiftUI. It works on all iPads, supporting dark and light mode, full screen and split screen, and all device orientations. SwiftUI was delightful to work with. I didn’t have any familiarity with it, so it was a bit tough in the beginning. But after a short time, productivity quickly increased, and I could do everything I wanted without having to worry about minor details. I believe it to be the future of iOS development.

In conclusion, we all want the return of everyday life. The world is coming together to fight this pandemic, and technology will have a great role in slowing the spread of the disease. There’s no panacea for coronavirus yet. Until then, we must all do our part.

Stay safe!
